# Wi-Fi Connection in Smart Light Project
After learning the basics of Wi-Fi connection, we may put it into
practice based on ESP32-C3, and encapsulate the Wi-Fi features according
to application requirements, so as to provide APIs for Wi-Fi
initialisation and Wi-Fi connection initialisation.

**1. Driver initialisation**

This API specifies parameters for ESP32-C3, such as GPIO pins, fading
time, breathing cycle, PWM frequency, clock source of the PWM
controller, and PWM duty cycle resolution. For details, please refer to
Chapter 5.

`1.  app_driver_init();`


**2. NVS initialisation**

Before initialising Wi-Fi, it is necessary to initialise the NVS library
as the Wi-Fi component needs to acquire and store certain parameters.
The API is as follows:

 `1.  nvs_flash_init();`


**3. Wi-Fi initialisation**

This API handles LwIP and Wi-Fi events, and initialises Wi-Fi drivers.


d `1.  wifi_initialize();`


**4. Wi-Fi connection initialisation**

This API implements Wi-Fi configuration, starts the Wi-Fi driver, and
waits for Wi-Fi connection to complete.

 `1.  wifi_station_initialize();`


You may compile and run the code on the development board. The output is
as follows:

    I (397) wifi station: Application driver initialization
    I (397) gpio: GPIO[9]| InputEn: 1| OutputEn: 0| OpenDrain: 0| Pullup: 1| Pulldown: 
    0| Intr:0
    I (427) wifi station: NVS Flash initialization
    I (427) wifi station: Wi-Fi initialization
    I (547) wifi station: Wi-Fi Station initialization
    I (727) wifi station: wifi_station_initialize finished.
    I (6427) wifi station: connected to ap SSID:espressif password:espressif
    [00] Hello world!
