# An Informatising World

Riding the wave of Internet, Internet of Things (IoT) made its grand debut to become a new type of infrastructure in digital economy. To bring the technology closer to the public, Espressif Systems works for the vision that developers from all walks of life can use IoT to solve some of the most pressing problems of our times. A world of “Intelligent Network of All Things” is what we are expecting from the future.

Designing our own chips makes a critical component of that vision. It is to be a marathon, requiring constant breakthroughs against technological boundaries. From the “Game Changer” ESP8266 to the ESP32 series integrating Wi-Fi and Bluetooth&reg; (LE) connectivity, followed by ESP32-S3 equipped by AI acceleration, Espressif never stops researching and developing products for AIoT solutions. With our open-source software, such as the IoT Development Framework ESP-IDF, Mesh Development Framework ESP-MDF, and Device Connectivity Platform ESP RainMaker, we have created an independent framework for building AIoT applications.

As of July 2022, the cumulative shipments of Espressif’s IoT chipsets have exceeded 800 million, leading in the Wi-Fi MCU market and powering up a huge number of connected devices worldwide. Pursuit for excellence makes every Espressif product a big hit for its high level of integration and cost efficiency. The release of ESP32-C3 marks a significant milestone of Espressif’s self-developed technology. It is a single-core, 32-bit, **RISC-V-based** MCU with 400KB of SRAM, which can run at 160MHz. It has integrated 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 5 (LE) with a long-range support. It strikes a fine balance of power, I/O capabilities, and security, thus offering the optimal cost-effective solution for connected devices. Based on such powerful ESP32-C3, this book is intended to help readers understand IoT-related knowledge with detailed illustration and practical examples.
