# Why we wrote this book?

Espressif Systems is more than a semiconductor company. It is also an IoT platform company, which always strives for breakthroughs and innovations in the field of technology. At the same time, Espressif has open-sourced and shared its self-developed operating system and software framework with the community, forming a unique ecosystem. Engineers, makers, and technology enthusiasts actively develop new software applications based on Espressif’s products, freely communicate, and share their experience. You can see developers’ fascinating ideas on various platforms all the time, such as YouTube and GitHub. The popularity of Espressif’s products has stimulated an increasing number of authors who have produced over 100 books based on Espressif chipsets, in more than ten languages, including English, Chinese, German, French, and Japanese.

It is the support and trust of community partners that encourages Espressif’s continuous innovation. “We strive to make our chips, operating systems, frameworks, solutions, Cloud, business practices, tools, documentation, writings, ideas, etc., ever more relevant to the answers people need in contemporary life’s most pressing problems. This is Espressif’s highest ambition and moral compass.” said Mr. Teo Swee Ann, Founder and CEO of Espressif.

Espressif values reading and ideas. As the continuous upgrading of IoT technology poses higher requirements on engineers, how can we help more people to quickly master IoT chips, operating systems, software frameworks, application schemes and cloud service products? As the saying goes, it is better to teach a man how to fish than to give him fish. In a brainstorming session, it occurred to us that we could write a book to systematically sort out the key knowledge of IoT development. We hit it off, quickly gathered a group of senior engineers, and combined the experience of the technical team in embedded programming, IoT hardware and software development, all contributing to the publishing of this book. In the process of writing, we tried our best to be objective and fair, stripped of the cocoon, and use concise expressions to tell the complexity and charm of the Internet of Things. We carefully summarised the common questions, referred to the feedback and suggestions of the community, in order to clearly answer the questions encountered in the development process, and provide practical IoT development guidelines for relevant technicians and decision-makers.
